I'm gonna rinse tell me my nards
[Music]
welcome on welcome back to my channel to
go forever estates one CEO one you're
eating no it is any pizza go ahead and
you know hit the subscribe ends because
it's free give this video a thumbs
oh these guys so much for clicking I
really appreciate it and he got help our
family it's a girl and grow and grow and
grow and grow
ok anyways today I have a really really
really really really really really
really exciting video for you guys I
have the truth review on your knees or
Eunice you nice whatever you want to go
I'm gonna call you nice because that's
what I like that's what I like so this
hair company is like under fire it's
very popular here on YouTube people who
buy the hair some of them say that they
get great hair some of them say that
they get horrible hair and that the
youtubers played them and scam them and
their companies fandom but is not always
like that there's multiple reasons for
why you get that hair if you want a
video on that let me know I can easily
help you up but anyways first of all
let's get this straight this is not from
this hair it's not from you nice calm
it's from Aliexpress calm via you nice
ok
people are always saying that you nice
has nothing to do with Aliexpress other
people have said that they've email you
nice hair company and they said that
they're not affiliated whatsoever with
Aliexpress and I'm like I personally do
not contact you nice hair company I
asked them so that's whatever I went
through how they expressed because
people say that they usually get that
hair from Aliexpress not usually the hit
companies so here I am to review
Aliexpress you nice hair company or
whatever so another reason that I bought
this hair from Aliexpress is because
Aliexpress is kind of known for
knockoffs so that might be the case it
might be of
conspiracy I don't know I don't know but
I'm just here to give you this tribute
and I don't want it to be too long so
let's go ahead and get into the view
first I would like to say that I did
spend my own hard-earned money on this
hair it's not sponsored I personally
don't have anything against sponsored
reviews some songs I understand why you
guys might have like your thoughts
against that but it's whatever I'm just
here to tell you that this video is not
sponsored and I bought it with my own
money from aliexpress.com so let's go
ahead and talk about the packaging for
this hair I'll definitely give it a
negative one because I thought I'd be
getting the little cute little unies
hair box
the cute one that comes with like little
eyelashes and stuff the all the
sponsored youtubers get by ended up
getting an even cheaper version of the
k'kaw beef jerky bag so yeah and then
the hand just came in these little I
know what's up on them these Ziploc bags
I guess yeah so yeah definitely a
negative one or a zero or whatever but
it's not that serious about the hair
that's okay so let's go ahead and get
into the actual bundles when I got the
bundles I would say looks like a 6 or
its 7 because the inches that I got were
16 18 and 20 inch and then I got a 14
inch lace frontal and I was like I
thought those ones would be appropriate
because I want it to be big enough in
its kind of on the thinner side if you
know what I mean I have to say it but I
feel like it's kind of thin as compared
to the other youtubers that have like
thick bungles and they only have like
three bundles and a front so and they
get like longer way longer than than me
so if I decide to purchase from this
hair company again I would definitely
get four bundles instead of three so
that's for bleaching but not to bleach
pretty well I didn't get any like
Scrabble Scrabble with the friends'll I
bleached different so that's the only
damn position embraced your hair so I
can always tell you about the principle
so yeah I bleached in front school and
everything was a-ok tangling so now
we're getting into the real key of this
hair okay
as for tangling I do keep my hair man's
hand but I can tell you from the bottom
of my heart that this hair does not
tangle I've had it for one month and a
half going on two months and this hair
does not tangle at all hold on hold on
hold on hold on the levels to my levels
okay there's levels so as for tangling
the circumference of my head excluding
the nape area 10/10 I don't get tingling
at all whatsoever I can run it through
her hey okay but ask for the nape that's
where it gets into a jungle but every
once in a while I'll take off my hair
it's a wig yeah it's a unit if you
didn't know now you know beyond when I
take off my unit I will look at the back
and I was like so this has been causing
me the trouble all throughout the day
it's a bird's nest lots of hair doula I
don't really have a problem with it it's
the nape area so nobody is looking at it
anyways so it's whatever but I was with
tangling I would give it a 10 as for the
nape I would give it six or five not
that bad texture I've had problems with
a body wave texture so I will say that I
do have problems with the body waves
frontal matching with the loose waves
noise and so first of all I believe I'm
kind of Brazilian for loose weight for a
body wave I believe it was a body wave
so either way I don't like how it
doesn't really if you can see that it
doesn't really curl the I curled it this
morning and there's only what time is it
is only 550 and I curled it a like 11
o'clock and it's already gone so yeah I
only added a few waves - whistles
whatever whatever but that's for a
different so I did some hold up girl
and yeah that's basically it I forgot to
mention that I got a Malaysian loose
wave and then I got a Brazilian body
with my loose wave I'm pretty sure it's
a funny wave but yeah that's the case
because they do not have a Malaysian
loose wave frontal on the website on the
Aliexpress website I don't know what
they have on the you nice hair website
but go check I don't know but this is
what I had to do it okay
for setting I do not get any setting
whatsoever maybe I got like the best
patch of vandals they are by paper with
my own money I didn't tell them that I'm
a youtuber or whatever and yeah that's
basically it
I'm not lying to you because I have no
incentives to life okay I don't have any
incentive but when I tell you that this
hair does not shed look
not even one not even one strand not
even one I've had it for almost two
months you guys and not even one strip
look I don't understand hair sheds I
understand that hair sheds but this
hairdo they say I don't understand so as
to why next is customer service because
that's also a key I'm not going to pay
you my money get me here cheating me
anyhow you must shave me well well okay
well okay so anyways the customer
service was 100% was kind of maybe even
a hundred at one percent they were
always trying to help me they even gave
me a few coupons because I wasn't trying
to pay on time basically they were like
OBC it's in your cart you see you just
tried to pay for it and I was like hey I
didn't want to butter it out but I'll
buy it because you're so like that and
yeah they are in China so you do have to
pay attention to the time difference
don't think they're ignoring you but
yeah as for me and my time so is Eastern
so don't honestly just email me at
nights and I was okay with that because
I'm a night bird so okay so let's go
ahead and talk about length if you don't
know me at forever s 821 I don't play
about the length if I ordered 30 inches
I don't want 29 inches because I'll send
it try me it try me okay anyways I
have my handy dandy measuring tape I
measured it as soon as I got their hair
and yeah basically in is true the one I
mean the 18 inch was 18 inches the 16
inch was 16 inches and the 20 inch was
20 inches and the principal was 14
inches so a keep damage listen when I
tell you this was my real hair will be
falling off my head the way I'll apply
heat to this Dan night
like when I said Dan I had me day and
night because I do my hair at night
and then I retouch it up in the morning
so when I say then I mean their nights
okay I mean day and night okay so
basically I'll apply a lot of heat to my
hair it takes it well well but like I
said I don't feel like it holds a cross
as it should so yeah but this hair does
straighten well Wow Wow sound sleepy
food okay I love the way this hair
strands I wish had strained them for you
guys so you can see and maybe I'll show
you in another video if you guys want to
see that definitely comment down below
because his hair is this really nice I
really loved the way it straightened and
yeah I'm sorry I might have to I might
have to hurt some of you guys feelings
but let's go ahead and talk about
maintainence so when you form your
fingers are you confused to type anyhow
anyhow and people's comment saying that
you scammed us you basically worked with
the company to take our money because
you're getting commission from it or
whatever whatever think about this are
you maintaining be here are you called
washed in the hair are you watching the
hair you must maintain your hair to me I
even I'm actually even beautiful my mom
wants to say this five maintain my hair
better then I maintain my real hair
which is not something to be proud of
but I do wear weeks a lot so that's why
those like protective protect their hair
cells or whatever but is whatever if I
have a lot of hair products for my reef
what am I saying by this it's not always
the company's fault for the reason why
your hair is sitting and tangling or is
it dry I've been using this for every
week that I get it's only five dollars
that or prime ninety-nine at Kroger
Walmart hair supply stores see I can't
tell you that this hair has been dried
because right I haven't experienced dry
hair because what it won't become
trapped because of the way I'm
maintaining it
the won't tangle and shred because it's
not made to tangle and shred in my of in
my head you know awesome
what I used to to watch the hair is I
use my argan oil conditioner I use my
shampoo and I use this together when I
want to condition
watch the hair I used the argan oil
coconut milk this is argan oil this is
not argan oil by uses coconut milk
thingies in the same I could do a little
argan oil but yeah anyways that's what I
use to maintain my hair and that's why
it still luscious it's still shiny and
bright anyhow this still looks good
meanwhile you guys will be forming your
fingers to touch I do it it became into
synthetic hair after two weeks I'm like
listen it may be the company's fault you
may be right but chances are you may not
even be maintaining the hair and you
just we've been anyhow minute so make
sure you watch what you say to make sure
you're maintaining your hair because
hair is made to be maintained my no
rights don't mean my nards alright so
you can also connect to me you don't
face me in the Sun but okay this review
is honestly long enough I know you guys
don't like longer fuse but that's
basically the truth on you nice hair
company I might have this hair in for
like a couple more weeks and someone at
homecoming I don't know what's gonna
happen
even if I'm going to incoming don't
reason I want to go is because I want
you guys to get ready with me for
homecoming so if you guys want to see
that comment down below or give this
video a thumbs up don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe but most
importantly give this video a thumbs up
and don't forget to follow me on my
social medias keep up with me on
snapchat that's where I'm most active if
you guys if you want to talk to me we
want to snap time me I was not viewed
back because we're a family okay we're a
family my snapchat is open its esta by
exercise well it's my Instagram and you
can follow me on Twitter at the exit
sign note period and yeah thank you guys
so very much for watching I really
really appreciate every single one of
you guys who do not understand I'm not
lying to you when I say that because I
really love you guys so much I love when
you've got man solo movie have
conversations it makes my day so anyways
thank you guys so much for watching and
see you guys next time
[Music]
I just keep him satisfied go again you
like nine to five
I'm doing
Hey